Add External URL for grant (#134)
common-fate/sdk: .changeset/khaki-squids-move.md

---
"@common-fate/sdk": patch
---

> add field external url for deep linking to integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add field external_url for deep linking to entitlement URLs
```
